.TH "MCP-PROXY-CLIENT" "1" "2025" "InterServer Inc." "MCP Proxy Client Manual"
.SH NAME
mcp-proxy-client \- MCP (Model Context Protocol) proxy server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mcp-proxy-client
[\fB\-config\fR \fIPATH\fR]
[\fB\-version\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mcp-proxy-client
is a standalone MCP (Model Context Protocol) proxy server written in Go. It proxies requests to a MyAdmin API by fetching tool definitions from a remote OpenAPI specification and handling MCP protocol communication via Streamable HTTP transport.
.PP
The server automatically detects its transport mode based on execution context:
.RS 2
.TP 2
*
STDIO mode: When run without a TTY (e.g., from Claude Desktop or Cursor)
.TP 2
*
HTTP mode: When run with a TTY connected (starts HTTP server on port 8080)
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-config " \fIPATH\fR"
Path to a .env configuration file. If not specified, the server looks for .env in the current directory.
.TP
.BR \-version
Show version information and exit.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables control server behavior:
.TP
.B OPENAPI_SPEC_URL
(Required) URL to fetch the OpenAPI specification from (JSON or YAML format).
.TP
.B API_BASE_URL
(Required) Base URL of the API to proxy requests to.
.TP
.B API_KEY
API key for authentication. Passed to backend via X-API-KEY header.
.TP
.B SESSION_ID
Session ID for authentication. Passed to backend via sessionid header.
.TP
.B BEARER_TOKEN
Bearer token for authentication. Passed to backend via Authorization header.
.TP
.B SESSION_DIR
Directory for session storage. Default: /tmp/mcp_client_sessions
.TP
.B CACHE_DIR
Directory for cached tool definitions. Default: /tmp/mcp_client_cache
.TP
.B SERVER_NAME
Name advertised in MCP handshake. Default: myadmin-client-mcp
.TP
.B SERVER_VERSION
Version advertised in MCP handshake. Default: 1.0.0
.TP
.B OAUTH_AUTHORIZATION_SERVER
OAuth authorization server URL. If not set, derived from API_BASE_URL.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Basic STDIO Usage (Claude Desktop)
.PP
.nf
#!/bin/bash
export OPENAPI_SPEC_URL=https://my.interserver.net/spec/openapi.yaml
export API_BASE_URL=https://my.interserver.net/apiv2
export API_KEY=your_api_key
/path/to/mcp-proxy-client
.fi
.SS HTTP Mode (Development)
.PP
.nf
export OPENAPI_SPEC_URL=https://my.interserver.net/spec/openapi.yaml
export API_BASE_URL=https://my.interserver.net/apiv2
export API_KEY=your_api_key
./mcp-proxy-client
# Starts HTTP server on http://localhost:8080
.fi
.SS Using Configuration File
.PP
.nf
# Create .env file with required variables
cat > .env << 'EOF'
OPENAPI_SPEC_URL=https://my.interserver.net/spec/openapi.yaml
API_BASE_URL=https://my.interserver.net/apiv2
API_KEY=your_api_key
EOF

# Run with config file
./mcp-proxy-client -config .env
.fi
.SH API ENDPOINTS
When running in HTTP mode, the server provides:
.TP
.B POST /mcp
Send MCP JSON-RPC messages
.TP
.B GET /mcp
OAuth protected resource metadata (via Accept header)
.TP
.B DELETE /mcp
Close MCP session
.TP
.B OPTIONS /mcp
CORS preflight
.TP
.B GET /.well-known/oauth-protected-resource
RFC 9700 compliant OAuth 2.1 protected resource metadata
.SH AUTHENTICATION
The proxy forwards authentication credentials to the backend API:
.RS 2
.TP 2
*
Bearer Token: Authorization: Bearer <token>
.TP 2
*
API Key: X-API-KEY: <key>
.TP 2
*
Session ID: sessionid: <session_id>
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json
Claude Desktop configuration for STDIO mode integration.
.TP
.I /tmp/mcp_client_sessions/
Default session storage directory.
.TP
.I /tmp/mcp_client_cache/
Default tool definition cache directory.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR claude (1),
.BR cursor (1),
RFC 9700 (OAuth 2.1 Protected Resource Metadata)
.SH AUTHOR
InterServer Inc.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to the project maintainers.
